Update after a year: It's no longer possible to make calls at all, it takes forever to load, including the apps, in the trash. What overpriced crap. Anyone who wants a cell phone that they can put on a shelf is well served. If you want to (at least) make calls, let alone use apps, you can safely forget about this rubbish. Switching and direct comparison from Huawei (most recently Nova 5t, which is no longer supported by Google and I unfortunately ruined it myself through contact with the ground). Short conclusion: * Looks stylish in iceberg blue. But that's about it.* Delivery was very spartan (mobile phone, needle for SIM card, mini instruction manual, charging cable). No headphones (the G22 doesn't have that connection).* Setup is quick if you do it using your Google account. Not an advantage from Motorola, but from Google.* Settings for personalization are extremely modest to non-existent.* In my mobile network, which fortunately solved the problem in 3 minutes via an update, a configuration change in APN settings was required in order to use the provider's mobile data on the go when there is no WiFi. To be honest, that's a little suboptimal.* Faceboo doesn't allow you to uninstall it.* Battery lasts between 2 and 3 days, depending on usage, but charging takes 2 - 3 hours - real time and system information - but it's also rather poor.* There are no notifications via colored LED, which Motorola seems to have forgotten about here.* There are still subtleties, for example. For example, you want to combine different symbols into a group (this is only possible if you adjust the view settings on the start screen and is unnecessarily poorly done).* There are no themes.* There is no mode for making the alarm clock ring even when the cell phone is switched off.* There is no Audi record mode.* There is no way to add shortcuts such as a call number.* Backgrounds and ringtones can be set - and that is the only advantage to the Nova 5 t - easily and Set app-specific ones.* There is no program that can be used to manage or secure your cell phone on your laptop and that is compatible with the G22. This is a disgrace, as is Motorola's underground website. Lenovo really hasn't distinguished itself particularly well here.* The accessories are more than modest in comparison, and that starts with the protective films and cases.* Starting the cell phone as well as every program and even Google Chrome takes a long time. This is due to the measly memory and is supposed to be that way, it's not good. * Camera works like this, neither for the better nor for the worse, but not anymore. * There are no battery settings like every other cell phone has these days. (e.g. full charging vs. gentle mode with 80%, even every Lenovo laptop has that) * Help instructions are downright ridiculous, because if you're offline because some APN scripts are missing, it helps me The notice that I'm offline is only very limited. The Moto is always suitable as an emergency solution if you just want to make phone calls, WhatsApp, surf the Internet or occasionally watch videos. However, this moto isn't really fun. It's minimal cost, but no more (and no less). In direct comparison to the Nova 5 t, it's a downgrade, albeit significantly cheaper. The Moto is a purely platonic relationship, unfortunately it won't be intense love like Nova 5t. Unfortunately, Lenovo-Motorola is bringing an almost inflationary variety of products onto the market, but this obviously comes at the expense of quality, reduction and unique selling points. The fact that you don't even get a compatible desktop application with the G22 to back up data, let alone do more, is simply pathetic in 2023. Data transfer only takes place via the USB port on the laptop or tablet, like a normal external drive. So: The next smartphone is guaranteed not to be from Lenovo-Motorola. The G22 tends to become more difficult every day, so it's not a recommendation.